Add error handling documentation (#33)
kuzzleio/sdk-csharp: doc/1/exceptions/internal-exception/index.md

---
code: false
type: page
title: InternalException
description: InternalException
order: 0
---

# InternalException

Inherits from the [KuzzleException](/sdk/csharp/1/exceptions/kuzzle-exception) class.

> The `InternalException` class is thrown when submitting a malformated query to the [Kuzzle.QueryAsync](/sdk/csharp/1/core-classes/kuzzle/query-async) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `InternalException` exception is thrown when submitting a malformed query to the [Kuzzle.QueryAsync](/sdk/csharp/1/core-classes/kuzzle/query-async) method.
```

Reviewer: (nitpicking) Also, I find this description a bit too specific. To me, internal errors are thrown on an unexpected SDK behavior.

Author: Yes you're right!
